This week, we talked
about how to do
control when using
function approximation,
let's go over the main ideas.
First, we showed
you how to estimate
action values with
function approximation.
If the action space is discrete,
it's probably easiest to
stack the state features.
If the action space is continuous
or you want to
generalize over actions,
the action can be passed as
an input like
any other state variable.
Let's get some context
about the next part
of the module by looking
at the algorithm map.
Function approximation puts us
on the left side of the map,
the focus of
the first lecture was on
the control algorithms in
the bottom left corner,
SARSA, expected SARSA,
and Q-Learning.
These are all extensions of
the tabular control algorithms
we covered in Course 2,
the only difference between
these algorithms and
their tabular counterparts
are the update equations.
The updates are all adapted for
function approximation
in the same way,
using the gradient to
update the weights.
We also saw how episodic
SARSA could be used to solve
the mountain car problem.
In this case,
the larger step size is
0.5 was able to
learn more quickly.
Next, we talked
about exploration,
optimistic initialization
can be used with
some structured feature
representations like tele-coding.
But in general, it's not
clear how to
optimistically initialize
values with nonlinear
function approximators
like neural networks,
and it might not
behave as expected,
for example the optimism
may fade too quickly.
Epsilon-greedy can be used
regardless of
the function approximator.
Finally, we talked
about a new way to
think about the continuing
control problem.
Instead of maximizing
the discounted return
from the current state,
we can think about maximizing
the average reward that
a policy receives overtime.
We defined differential returns
and differential values,
these enable the agent to assess
the relative value of
actions in the average
reward setting.
Finally, we introduced
differential semi-gradient
SARSA that approximates
differential values
to learn policies.
Differential SARSA is also in
the left half of
the algorithm map,
but unlike the algorithms we
covered earlier in the week,
it uses the average
reward framework.
That's all for this week,
we extended our tabular
control algorithms
to function approximation,
discussed how
exploration changes,
and introduced a new way to
think about the control problem.
Next week, we'll talk
all about how to do
reinforcement learning
without learning
the value function. See you then.